README.md, before:

# go-mcupdater

[![General Workflow](https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater/actions/workflows/general.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater/actions/workflows/general.yml) [![Join the Matrix chat at https://matrix.to/#/#kleister:matrix.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-%23kleister%3Amatrix.org-7bc9a4.svg)](https://matrix.to/#/#kleister:matrix.org) [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/272b203ace1f4f0dbfb11995e600c6bd)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/kleister/go-mcupdater/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade) [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater)

This repository provides helpers related to Minecraft Updater.

## Development

Make sure you have a working Go environment, for further reference or a guide
take a look at the [install instructions][golang]. This project doesn't enforce
a specific Go version, but we are trying to use the latest stable releases. It
is also possible to simply execute `go get`, but we prefer to use our `Makefile`:

```console
git clone https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater.git
cd go-mcupdater

make clean generate test
```

## Examples

For different kind of examples how to use this library please take a look at the
[examples/](./examples) folder.

## Security

If you find a security issue please contact
[kleister@webhippie.de](mailto:kleister@webhippie.de) first.

## Contributing

Fork -> Patch -> Push -> Pull Request

## Authors

-   [Thomas Boerger](https://github.com/tboerger)

## License

Apache-2.0

## Copyright

```console
Copyright (c) 2018 Thomas Boerger <thomas@webhippie.de>
```

[golang]: http://golang.org/doc/install.html

Commit message:

chore: replace makefile with go-task

README.md, after:

# go-mcupdater

[![General Workflow](https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater/actions/workflows/general.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater/actions/workflows/general.yml) [![Join the Matrix chat at https://matrix.to/#/#kleister:matrix.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-%23kleister%3Amatrix.org-7bc9a4.svg)](https://matrix.to/#/#kleister:matrix.org) [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/272b203ace1f4f0dbfb11995e600c6bd)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/kleister/go-mcupdater/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade) [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater)

This repository provides helpers related to Minecraft Updater.

## Build

If you are not familiar with [Nix][nix] it is up to you to have a working
environment for Go (>= 1.24.0) as the setup won't we covered within this guide.
Please follow the official install instructions for [Go][golang]. Beside that
we are using [go-task][gotask] to define all commands to build this project.

```console
git clone https://github.com/kleister/go-mcupdater.git
cd go-mcupdater

task clean generate build test
```

If you got [Nix][nix] and [Direnv][direnv] configured you can simply execute
the following commands to get al dependencies including [go-task][gotask] and
the required runtimes installed:

```console
cat << EOF > .envrc
use flake . --impure --extra-experimental-features nix-command
EOF

direnv allow
```

## Examples

For different kind of examples how to use this library please take a look at the
[examples/](./examples) folder.

## Security

If you find a security issue please contact
[kleister@webhippie.de](mailto:kleister@webhippie.de) first.

## Contributing

Fork -> Patch -> Push -> Pull Request

## Authors

-   [Thomas Boerger](https://github.com/tboerger)

## License

Apache-2.0

## Copyright

```console
Copyright (c) 2018 Thomas Boerger <thomas@webhippie.de>
```

[nix]: https://nixos.org/
[golang]: http://golang.org/doc/install.html
[gotask]: https://taskfile.dev/installation/
[direnv]: https://direnv.net/
